README.md, before:

#
This repository hosts a set of design documents for the TR-108 Picorder. A Picorder is a Raspberry Pi based handheld device that records and displays sensor data for immediate analysis. The TR-109 is designed to use a Raspberry Pi Zero W, a set of custom designed PCBs, and a 3D printed enclosure to achieve this goal. This project, along with [PicorderOS](https://squaredwave.com/wiki/index.php?title=PicorderOS) attempts to be a single self contained solution for anyone wishing to produce their own Picorder.

## What is included:

- The design_docs folder contains a crude SVG file that shows the 2D layout of the original design, mostly to scale. The SVG includes a crude wiring diagram.

- The pcb_design folder contains KiCad files of the proposed printed circuit board to replace the original perfboard prototype. These files can be used to produce and test PCBs.


## What is not yet included:

- There are no assembly instructions. I hope to produce some in the future.



While it is not required, if you make a picorder using this repository I would appreciate you sharing photos or videos your build with me at chris@squaredwave.com.

For a more regularly updated description of this project please visit the [wiki](https://squaredwave.com/wiki/index.php?title=Picorder)

Originally designed by Chris Barrett in 2017. I consider this project to be "Open Hardware", and as such is free to use, modify distribute or sell. It comes with no promise of support or warranty.

Commit message:

mass update - new blend and pcb

README.md, after:

#
This repository hosts a set of design documents for the TR-108 Picorder. A Picorder is a Raspberry Pi based handheld device that records and displays sensor data for immediate analysis. The TR-109 is designed to use a Raspberry Pi Zero W, a set of custom designed PCBs, and a 3D printed enclosure to achieve this goal. This project, along with [PicorderOS](https://squaredwave.com/wiki/index.php?title=PicorderOS) attempts to be a single self contained solution for anyone wishing to produce their own Picorder.

## What is included:

- The design_docs folder contains a crude SVG file that shows the 2D layout of the original design, mostly to scale. The SVG includes a crude wiring diagram.

- The pcb_design folder contains KiCad files of the proposed printed circuit board to replace the original perfboard prototype. These files can be used to produce and test PCBs.

- The enclosure_design folder contains STLs (incomplete) and a .blend file containing the raw construction file for a complete enclosure, based closely on the DST Tricorder toy.

## What is not yet included:

- There are no assembly instructions. I hope to produce some in the future.



While it is not required, if you make a picorder using this repository I would appreciate you sharing photos or videos your build with me at chris@squaredwave.com.

For a more regularly updated description of this project please visit the [wiki](https://squaredwave.com/wiki/index.php?title=Picorder)

Originally designed by Chris Barrett in 2017. I consider this project to be "Open Hardware", and as such is free to use, modify distribute or sell. It comes with no promise of support or warranty.
